h1. ostatus-js: an attempt to implement OStatus in JavaScript:

p. note: This will most likely always require E4X

p. OStatus consists of the following protocols:

* WebFinger
* PortableContacts
* Activity Streams
* PubSubHubBub
* Atom
* Salmon

h1. How much is done?

p. A list of completed features:

* WebFinger XRD Discovery (see xrd.js)

h1. Why?

p. CommonJS compatible JavaScript servers like CouchDB would be awesome if they could talk OStatus!

p. For more info you can read about the "federated social web":http://status.net/2010/07/13/what-is-the-federated-social-web and check out their "wiki":http://federatedsocialweb.net/wiki/Main_Page

h1. How to use!

p. CouchDB example (as a CouchDB 'show' view) of how to implement WebFinger discovery!

<pre><code>
function(head, req) {
  var xrd = require("xrd");
  return {
    "headers" : {"Content-Type" : "application/xml"},
    "body" : xrd.generate('example.com').toXMLString()
  }
}
</code></pre>

h1. License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Max Ogden

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.